was why I need to part with you here
sorry about the inactivity guys I was
really caught up in school and work so
it last week it was really hard for me
to post everything so I couldn't really
get you guys anything well let's jump
right into it so for destiny I'm
probably the one of the luckiest guys
for weekly night falls I think literally
every week we play I have two characters
and I usually get exotics on both of
them like I usually get pure armor but
today I was playing with my bird
yesterday started spending nobody on
couch and we finished a knife on both
counsel I get exotics bull but the odd
thing was though when I did the second
time around I was telling I'm like yo I
wanted like only at the Monte Carlo like
the thing is sick
next few moments later like I get like
we're all like not like that's not
possible and who she'll hear about that
and I'm gonna pause it like and let it
sit for you but you're gonna hear him
freaking out about it
it was unreal guys his reaction was too
funny but like I don't know what it is
like I'm just too lucky on these
nightfalls like I'm not even a lie I
probably do the least amount of work in
these but somehow destiny and Bungie
just love me no you know what fuck this
man let's just give him all the freaking
exotics we can like they shouldn't even
bother letting me play they should just
be like yo here have all the exhaustion
and like just keep handing it to me like
when the DLC comes out this video pod
chair and take everything we have take
all our thoughts cuz it long run and
probably get everything like oh it's
weird how I get on matter what's going
on
Bruce fun like Montecarlo ideally like
that used online was okay but I'm
honestly not complaining like exotics
are exotic like I got before any one of
my buddies now they're all jealous they
say they're not in play with me anymore
like you'll hear at the end one like
they were just upset as up like every
week
what last week I got like one of the
hunters or warlock chess I believe this
week I got a duplicate of the a Titan
chest they camera in the name of that
and then I got the Monte Carlo
no way like it all started from week one
though when I first got the not the
helmet of insight but I don't know it's
the one with the Mohawk on top that was
the first one I got at all that fired me
up when they started playing destiny
knowing that I got an exotic him for all
my buddies just having that it was so
sickly unreal knowing that I got the
Monte Carlo or anyone else not like wow
he is this is just great
now I'm hoping to get the last word
before Nestor because he says if I get
that he's done with the game like I get
it before him he's gonna be so upset but
hey guys it's Michael do grab that thing
from hopefully I'll get it soon I'm
gonna fucking laughs in the face I like
always but what do you do it's possible
TV luck over here and I like I don't
know what's going on lately like it's
not I love it guys like I don't know
what's in having the Monte Carlo unreal
like just knowing that I called for it
and saying like hey yes sir I want to
get the money card this time like if
idea that's unreal
boom seconds later all you notices I get
it like I'm crazy but I'm gonna leave
the rest of the clip for you guys to
listen to that was it for this
commentary P so guys I will get it
annoying you alright third and last
account with some kind of bullshit
happens this time you're for YouTube
yeah yeah how come every weekend yeah
hacker hacker oh my god you are looking
at passion ah now I'm calling that right
now you're a hacker
I'm telling you never to play with you
you're in hacker your fucking hacker now
your hacker I'm not talking to you I'm
not even going to tell with you you can
go yourself to the teller I'm not
talking to you I'm not talking to you yo
Matt okay so I'm with a little situation
over here Paul keeps getting
sadhaks and this time on we just ended
the game and he was like you know
where's the good money Carl and he just
kind of got a Monte Carlo so we have a
big situation on the hands here we can't
talk to him anymore that's the deal